hey everyone in fantasy football nation
this is sean mcconnell for the world cup
now bringing you coverage for your
Barclays fantasy Premier League just
bringing you some tips and one thing
that I've been working on in this
international break it's only been three
days of the long two weeks off fantasy
football going through some stats just
what I have here is an excel sheet of
basically gorda gold differentials and
clean sheets for each team just some
stats that I picked up and then I went
through and then I did a goal
differential score based on goals
conceded both scored and then I went
through the next eight games so that way
i'll bring you all the way into the new
year just kind of rated teams based on
there's goal differential score and how
they matched up to one another so as an
example i'm just going to go back here
if you look at where is an easy one here
stokes under one so you see here that
Stoke has a GES score of minus 4 and
Senator Sunderland has a score of
negative 14 when those two play each
other Stoke obviously here is going to
be given the 10-point advantage now
obviously this is just in terms of cool
differential it is just an extrapolation
of statistics it doesn't mean that Stoke
is actually going to be favored to win
that game or that they will win that
game in terms of ten points or one on
this is just simply a scoring system
that I've used to kind of extrapolate
and over the next 10 game weeks going
into the new year as you follow along so
what I did here is you would add up each
score of game week and get a result in
total for the end of the year in terms
and I just titled it expected form over
the next eight weeks
basically at the end this is the
reformed table that I can see happening
in the new year so starting in the new
year of january first 2014 i will make a
post i will come back to this and i will
evaluate where teams are based on where
i think they are in terms of here so
moving forward and based on that
analysis you can see that the top four
teams are city liverpool arsenal and
chelsea so you do want to have some
coverage from those teams you can use
this as you want the if you're looking
at the game weeks in terms of Holman
away the greenish color is home red is
away so you can see you know that
personal are gonna have pretty favorable
fixtures coming up in the first
four-game weeks maybe a little less but
Southampton is going to be a tough
challenge but they're going to be
playing them at home then they got an
easy to way home Cardiff and Hull
respectively then they return home to
start off a little bit of a hard part
Everton and then you've got City away
and then Chelsea at home and then to end
up the new year they have West Ham away
and then Newcastle away so I just kind
of a little thing this will be posted up
on my website I just wanted to share
this with you so you guys can use it any
way you see fit and you know just want
to check in because i know i'm not going
to be here thursday and i know i put out
the videos thursday so i just wanted to
get out a little something extra for you
guys on the break and i will return to
the normal video next week previewing
game week 12 so enjoy the break i know
i'm having erupted a little bit but you
know gotta can't have fantasy football
done but all the best and i'll see you
in a week's time